Hello, I'm sitting here in the sun.
Why are you sitting here?
You're sitting here and dying.
I told you to sit, but you're not going to die.
What? You're dying?
You're dying.
I'm telling you to stop.
Who are you talking to?
I'm talking to you.
You're talking to me.
I'm sorry.
You're strange.
Hello.
If you have an answer,
you have to hide for the first time.
You're not dying because you're bad.
You're just hiding because you're bad.
You're strange.
How can you die because you're bad?
I'm sorry.
Hello.
It's okay.
I don't know where I'm sitting.
Who's dying?
My son and I are dying.
You're crying because of your son.
Your son and I are dying.
Hey, I'm a moron.
I know you're a moron.
It's stupid of you.
What are you saying?
If you're talking to your son
and asking him to come here,
are you asking me to beg?
I'll see how hard it's for you to neutralize my daughter.
Would you come and give his daughter too?
And I will look after my son.
You're talking to me?
Yes, I'm talking to the Eastern temple.
The temple is in a state of crisis.
What?
The Eastern temple is in a state of crisis?
Are all the temples here?
You're talking nonsense.
I don't understand.
I'm not here to talk nonsense.
Come here.
Father, come here.
I don't want to come here.
You're talking nonsense.
Mimi took the money because she knew she was dead.
all the temple false I am dead I went to regret
To regret is stupid
because you kept the money instead.